La Salle College
a place of salvation for children girls and young people
which is the best place for the integral development of children and young people
a place that cares about human formation
a space animated by faith in the gospel and oriented according to
teaching of the Catholic Church's teaching
an establishment distinguished by its quality in the processes it develops
there is some place that brings all this together
and the memories and the teachings will accompany us for the rest of our lives
aware of its importance
we have created a lovely space to dream
a space that offers great benefits not only to you, no doubt your
family
it's that fantastic place where the art of knowing is conjugated with the spiritual
the civic and social
inspired by san juan bautista de la salle pastor universal of educators
there is an institution whose mission is essential
is to provide high-quality Christian and academic human formation for
children girls and young people
we think about your well-being
that's why we offer you to live multiple experiences so that you share
fun cobos is the life to garments indo pesticides big
the school la salle has excellent tools the best
technology a comfortable physical plant that in its infrastructure mix what
modern and natural
a human resource fully trained to face the challenges of daily life
we are an institution that has always been distinguished by its level requirement
disciplinary and academic
which has positioned us at a much higher level in the tests of knowing
Lasallians always look for excellence
that is why our work of promoting total quality does not stop
what has allowed us pulti to have spaces conducive to practice
of sport
stages for dance culture
and the different artistic expressions
the love for what is ours
Currently the school is developing an investment process
in its physical plant and in technology
that will strengthen our learning processes for our students
we have modern language laboratories interactive boards a room
of audiovisuals and laboratories of physics and chemistry software
academic and specialized so that future professionals and scientists of the
center go all its potential in the handling of tools and discoveries of the
science
an unforgettable experience that will take us to live and 20 fraternity of
justice service and commitment at school la salle we think of all
that's why we developed and the most innovative educational physical plant for preschool
with some special chords at their ages
oratory library
children's story area
visit in the preschool area
a restaurant service spaces for teachers and assistants in addition to all
the other school services
we are the educational institution designed for you
we worry in suspense and in the morning
that's why we offer you the best advanced quality
Disposition and security service
of integral education
state-of-the-art Toltec culture you can have fun to tve
grow as a person
meet people
and also think about your welfare
everything is going to be easy and fun to learn
at school the salle
We wait for you
a temple of knowledge that has shown that education with mission and vision
it is the strong point for human development
the fantastic place you will not forget and where you will find and the tools
required
to carry out the best educational process of your life
a process that will allow you to enter your own history and leave a mark
a unique experience that is waiting for you to be a Lasallian is a
honor that costs thebes